Release 0.20.0 (#84)
nerves-hub/nerves_hub_link: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.20.0

> * Potential Breaking Changes
>   * this realease includes a change to how CA certificates are distributed.
>     This is mostly internal, However if you self host your own instance of
>     NervesHub you will need to follow the steps in
>     [nerves_hub_ca_store](https://github.com/nerves_hub/nerves_hub_ca_store)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Breaking Changes
  * This release includes a change to how CA certificates are used in the connection
    to NervesHub. If you are connecting to the publicly hosted https://nerves-hub.org,
    then no changes are required.
    If you are manually supplying `:ca_certs` config value to connect to another instance
    of NervesHub, then you will need to update you config following the instructions of
    [CA Certificates](README.md#ca-certificates) in the README
```

# Changelog

## 0.20.0

* Breaking Changes
  * This release includes a change to how CA certificates are used in the connection
    to NervesHub. If you are connecting to the publicly hosted https://nerves-hub.org,
    then no changes are required.
    If you are manually supplying `:ca_certs` config value to connect to another instance
    of NervesHub, then you will need to update you config following the instructions of

>     [CA Certificates](README.md#ca-certificates) in the README

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    [CA Certificates](https://hexdocs.pm/nerves_hub_link/readme.html#ca-certificates) in the README.
```

That hyperlink should work when it's published.
